Jetpack app FAQ card on the Jetpack app support view (#20232)
wordpress-mobile/WordPress-iOS: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

-----
* [*] [internal] Refactored fetching posts in the Reader tab, including post related operations (i.e. like/unlike, save for latter, etc.) [#20197]
* [**] Reader: Add a button in the post menu to block an author and stop seeing their posts. [#20193]

> * [**] [Jetpack-only] Help: Display Migration FAQ card on Help screen when WP to JP migration is complete. [#20232]

Author: ```suggestion
* [**] [Jetpack-only] Help: Display the Jetpack app FAQ card on Help screen when switching from the WordPress app to the Jetpack app is complete. [#20232]
```

> * [**] [Jetpack-only] Help: Display the Jetpack app FAQ card on Help screen when switching from the WordPress app to the Jetpack app is complete. [#20232]

Author: @guarani, using "switching" in the release notes based on p1677768648136459-slack-C0180B5PRJ4

Made the same comment on [Android](https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/WordPress-Android/pull/18032).

Reviewer: Ok, sounds good @staskus!
